Docs: Perform some updates (#212)
managarm/managarm: docs/src/design/frigg/index.md

> This part of the handbook is Work-In-Progress.

frigg is a lightweight utility library for system programming written in C++.

> frigg has implementations for many frequently used constructs in C++, like vectors, arrays and lists, frigg also has useful utilities for templates, such as frg::expect, and even has a logging module which implements the logic of printf. In environments where there are no standard library or STL available is where frigg can be of use. This is why frigg is extensively used in the Managarm kernel and in mlibc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
frigg has implementations for many frequently used constructs in C++, like vectors, arrays and lists. It also implements memory allocators, utilities for error handling (`frg::expected`), and logging utilities. In contrast to the C++ standard library, it is entirely freestanding and does not depend on functionality provided by the host. Hence, frigg is used extensively in the Managarm kernel and in mlibc.
```
